Add ability to only collect data defined in `custom_queries` (#5217)
DataDog/integrations-core: oracle/README.md

2. [Restart the Agent][8].

> #### Optional Skip default metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Skip default metrics
```

>  To skip default metric checks for an instance and only run a custom query with an existing metrics gathering user insert the tag `skip_default_metrics` with a value. This will allow an configured instance of the oracle integration to skip the system, process and tablespace metrics from running and allow a custom queries to be run without having the permissions described in the [Datadog user creation](#datadog-user-creation) section. If this configuration entry is omitted the user you specify will be required to have those table permissions to run a custom query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To skip default metric checks for an instance and only run a custom query with an existing metrics gathering user, insert the tag `skip_default_metrics` with a value. This allows a configured instance of the Oracle integration to skip the system, process, and tablespace metrics from running, and allows custom queries to be run without having the permissions described in the [Datadog user creation](#datadog-user-creation) section. If this configuration entry is omitted, the user you specify is required to have those table permissions to run a custom query.
```

 ```yaml
   init_config:

   instances:

       ## @param server - string - required
       ## The IP address or hostname of the Oracle Database Server.
       #
     - server: localhost:1521

       ## @param service_name - string - required
       ## The Oracle Database service name. To view the services available on your server,
       ## run the following query:
       ## `SELECT value FROM v$parameter WHERE name='service_names'`
       #
       service_name: "<SERVICE_NAME>"

       ## @param user - string - required
       ## The username for the user account.
       #
       user: <USER>

       ## @param password - string - required
       ## The password for the user account.
       #
       password: "<PASSWORD>"

       ## @param skip_default_metrics - string - optional
       ## Set this parameter to any value if you want to skip default system,
       ## process, and tablespace metrics checks. 
       #

>        skip_default_metrics: true

Reviewer 2: Can we please rename this to `only_custom_queries`?

Author: Yes i will make these changes.
